README.md, before:

# SociaLite: An Android Sample App

SociaLite demonstrates how to use various Android platform APIs to implement features that
are commonly seen in social network apps, leveraging a variety of
[Jetpack APIs](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/getting-started) to achieve complex
functionality that works reliably on more devices and requires less code. These are some of the
Jetpack APIs used:

 - [Core](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/core) Notifications and other platform features
 - [Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/compose) Declarative UI generation
 - [Media3](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/media3) Displaying and editing photos and videos
 - [CameraX](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/camera) Capturing photos and videos
 - [Room](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/room) Persisting messages in a SQLite database
 - [Window](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/window) Detecting foldable device states

> 🚧 **Work-in-Progress:** This sample is still in the early stage of development, and we're excited to add more features over time.

## App Overview

![Screenshots of SociaLite showing the Timeline Screen, the Chat List Screen, and the Chat Screen](docs/images/screenshots.png "SociaLite screenshots")

The main interaction in SociaLite centers around the animal avatars and their associated chat
threads. When you send a message to one of these avatars, they will respond in 5 seconds. If you
close the app within that time and you've granted notification permissions, you'll see a
notification for that reply.

Here are the screens that make up SociaLite:

 - *Timeline Screen:* A vertical scrolling page of all of the photos and videos sent in chats.
 - *Chat List Screen:* A list of all the chat threads with a variety of animal personalities.
 - *Chat Screen:* An individual message thread where you can send text and media
    messages (from the in-app camera or with a
    [Photo Picker](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/shared/photopicker)).
 - *Camera Screen:* Clicking the camera icon in the Chat Screen opens the in-app camera for taking photos and videos.
 - *Video Edit Screen:* After taking a video with the in-app camera, users can do some minor edits on this screen.
 - *Settings Screen:* A basic settings screen for tasks like resetting the chat history.

## How to run SociaLite

1. Clone the repository
2. Open the whole project in Android Studio.
3. Sync & Run `app` configuration

## Reporting Issues

You can report an [issue with a sample](https://github.com/android/social-sample/issues) using
this repository. When doing so, make sure to specify which sample you are referring to.

## Contributions

Please contribute! We will gladly review any pull requests.
Make sure to read the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page first though.

> Note: make sure to run `./gradlew spotlessApply` before uploading a PR.

## License

```
Copyright 2023 The Android Open Source Project
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Add Troubleshooting section
I run in some issues running the project on WSL and I believe this could help others.

README.md, after:

# SociaLite: An Android Sample App

SociaLite demonstrates how to use various Android platform APIs to implement features that
are commonly seen in social network apps, leveraging a variety of
[Jetpack APIs](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/getting-started) to achieve complex
functionality that works reliably on more devices and requires less code. These are some of the
Jetpack APIs used:

 - [Core](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/core) Notifications and other platform features
 - [Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/compose) Declarative UI generation
 - [Media3](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/media3) Displaying and editing photos and videos
 - [CameraX](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/camera) Capturing photos and videos
 - [Room](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/room) Persisting messages in a SQLite database
 - [Window](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/androidx/releases/window) Detecting foldable device states

> 🚧 **Work-in-Progress:** This sample is still in the early stage of development, and we're excited to add more features over time.

## App Overview

![Screenshots of SociaLite showing the Timeline Screen, the Chat List Screen, and the Chat Screen](docs/images/screenshots.png "SociaLite screenshots")

The main interaction in SociaLite centers around the animal avatars and their associated chat
threads. When you send a message to one of these avatars, they will respond in 5 seconds. If you
close the app within that time and you've granted notification permissions, you'll see a
notification for that reply.

Here are the screens that make up SociaLite:

 - *Timeline Screen:* A vertical scrolling page of all of the photos and videos sent in chats.
 - *Chat List Screen:* A list of all the chat threads with a variety of animal personalities.
 - *Chat Screen:* An individual message thread where you can send text and media
    messages (from the in-app camera or with a
    [Photo Picker](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/shared/photopicker)).
 - *Camera Screen:* Clicking the camera icon in the Chat Screen opens the in-app camera for taking photos and videos.
 - *Video Edit Screen:* After taking a video with the in-app camera, users can do some minor edits on this screen.
 - *Settings Screen:* A basic settings screen for tasks like resetting the chat history.

## How to run SociaLite

1. Clone the repository
2. Open the whole project in Android Studio.
3. Sync & Run `app` configuration

## Reporting Issues

You can report an [issue with a sample](https://github.com/android/social-sample/issues) using
this repository. When doing so, make sure to specify which sample you are referring to.

## Contributions

Please contribute! We will gladly review any pull requests.
Make sure to read the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page first though.

> Note: make sure to run `./gradlew spotlessApply` before uploading a PR.

## Troubleshooting

### Error running gradlew command on WSL

```shell
./gradlew spotlessApply

/usr/bin/env: ‘sh\r’: No such file or directory
```

You most likely have problems with the line ending character. You can fix it with a few steps:

Install _dos2unix_:

```shell
sudo apt install dos2unix 
```

Fix the gradlew file:

```shell
dos2unix gradlew
```

## License

```
Copyright 2023 The Android Open Source Project
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
